blimey as happy right this is an intro
video the day was Thursday forever so
later today I'm being taken with them a
sister's house because tomorrow we're
leaving to go to Santa parks and come
back on Monday so I plan my plan is over
on my other account why am i pointing
over there there's nothing over there
it's down there now I think in the
description the video description there
should be a link down there to my other
channel hi dragon PS i'll be uploading
videos hopefully i planted a daily vlog
thing yeah of the various activities
that we do our ascent apart so head on
over there and like each day probably at
the end of the day because i will be out
doing things through the through the day
i'll be recording stuff and i'm taking
my laptop so i'm going to transfer the
videos from my phone over to my laptop
edit them together hope ya i hope there
hopefully i upload them at the end of
the day so if you're curious why i'm
getting up to during the day have a look
should be some interesting stuff with my
new narrative haircut what up
sorry you just got hacked by the Hat
it's pretty hot the air should be
interesting that's why I plan to do
anyway no promises because I'm not sure
how well that work but I certainly do my
best so I got friday saturday sunday and
maybe monday so look forward to it come
on the holiday with me vacation where we
call it yeah that's about all i can
think of leave some space i put some
more according to do today maybe
probably not actually no because
nothing's happening today I'm just going
over there go to PI dragon PS unless
you're already here yeah